= Summary =
 Goals:
  * Learn how to declare and use a Function
 
 Files:
  * example2.cpp
  * Learn a little more about variables.
  * Learn about type casting.

 Assumptions:
  * You have completed Example One
  * You are using a Windows XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7 PC

  If any of these assumptions are wrong, e-mail me so I can work with you to provide instructions which will work for you!

= Instructions =
 1. Download the Example2.cpp file
  1. Open up "My Documents".
  1. Open up the "Visual Studio 2008" folder.
  1. Open the "Projects" folder.
  1. Right click to get a menu, select "SVN Checkout...".
  1. Copy the line below into the field "URL of Repository:".
{{{
http://kamiak-first.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/learningCpp/trunk/Example2
}}}
  1. Make sure the last part of the line for "Checkout Directory" is \Example2
  1. Click "ok".
  1. Wait for the download to finish, and then click "ok".
  * You should now have a directory called Example2, with one file in it called example2.cpp. You may or may not see a directory called .svn (depending on your windows settings).
 1. Create a Visual Studio Project with the Example2.cpp file
  1. Launch "Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Express Edition"
   * I'm running XP, so it's Start->Programs->Microsoft Visual Studio Express Edition 2008->Microsoft Visual Studio C++ Express Edition 2008. In vista or windows 7 I think you can just type in Visual Studio and pick Microsoft Visual Studio C++ Express Edition 2008 from the results.
  1. Create a new project by selecting File->new->project.
  1. Select Project Type: General
  1. Select Template Empty Project.
  1. for the name, type in Example2
  1. Click "ok".
  1. Right click on "source file" and select add->existing item...
  1. Select example2.cpp and click "Add".
  1. You should now see "example1.cpp" listed on the left of the screen under source files.
 1. Build the file into a program.
  1. Select build -> build solution from the menu.
  1. You should see an output something like
{{{
------ Build started: Project: Example2, Configuration: Debug Win32 ------
Compiling...
example2.cpp
Linking...
Embedding manifest...
Build log was saved at "file://c:\Documents and Settings\Beaker\My Documents\Visual Studio 2008\Projects\Example2\Debug\BuildLog.htm"
Example2 - 0 error(s), 0 warning(s)
========== Build: 1 succeeded, 0 failed, 0 up-to-date, 0 skipped ==========
}}}
 1. Run it!
  1. If you got here, your almost done!
  1. Select Debug->Start without debugging.
  1. A new window should open which simply says "Hello World".
  1. Congratulations! You've written and run your first program.
  1. Now take some time to read over example1.cpp and see if you can follow what's happening.
 1. Optional: Make changes and see what happens. 
  1. Can you figure out how to add you name to the program output?
  1. Can you make multiple lines of data come out?